DOC: CRL Certificate Issuer and IDP extensions (#29136)
openssl/openssl: CHANGES.md

   *Ryan Hooper*

>  * Reject CRLs with invalid Certificate Issuer when IDP Indirect != TRUE.

Reviewer: Something like `Reject CRLs with Certificate Issuer extension in a certificate revocation entry when Indirect flag is not TRUE in IDP extension of the CRL.` would be better.

   *Igor Ustinov*

 * Reject CRLs with Certificate Issuer extension in a certificate revocation

>    entry when Indirect flag is not TRUE in IDP extension of the CRL.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * Reject CRLs with a Certificate Issuer extension in a certificate revocation
   entry unless the Indirect flag is set to TRUE in the IDP extension of the CRL.
```
